Stop it, dog
Why are you hitting me again?
The godson didn't see it?
I'm your godfather now. Why?
Is what he said true?
And he was right.
Du Chen is my boyfriend now
Godmother your eyes
Which one of your eyes is blind? You like this trash me.
I know for sure he threatened you
You told me I killed him
Godson, you talk like that, but my father's heart hurts.
If something kills me, okay?
If you want to die, I will fulfill you Du Chen, he is still a child
Give him another chance. OK.
You're right.
But today it's a father call
You are dreaming
Baby, your godson is not very obedient
Qian Weichen is called godfather
Otherwise, don't recognize me as a godmother